I'm interested in the names of garbage
Can't tell the difference from me
You are courting death, how are you, don't get excited, boy
What are you looking like?
Lin Shao is a first-class family in Yuncheng
The eldest young master of the Lin family
Billions
You, a nobody, don't deserve to be a partner with Master Lin
I'll tell you what.
Now it's our Liu family talking about our family affairs
Don't interrupt with outsiders.
When will Lin Shaoyang become my family?
Hi.
clear snow
I came here today to propose marriage.
It's my betrothal gift for you
This is the dream of the phantom
This is Yuncheng jewelry design world
The pinnacle of design
From the head of internationally renowned designer Yunhua
Worth at least 50 million
According to legend, this baby is only for visits and not auctions.
I didn't expect it to be taken by you, Mr. Lin
Oops hahahaha
Please know
You and Mr. Lin have a deep affection for you
The shot is so heroic
I promise Mr. Lin
Just such a scrap chain
I'm too embarrassed to show it off
Waste collection
This necklace is worth 50 million
And it's not for sale.
It was through the connections of our neighbors
Get it from the master
The master will come in person after a while
Best wishes for both of us
Several times boy
Brothers like you
50 million for a lifetime of hard work
It's a sewer rat like you.
Even if I sell you
Can't compare to the leaders of these necklaces
Ah, ah, Young Master Lin
Your marriage to our Qingxue family
I called the shots and agreed, yes, yes, yes.
Group but not real
It's just this scrap of trash.
Not worthy of emotion at all
What a coincidence
I also prepared a etiquette for you
This etiquette is also a necklace
The Heart of the Ocean
The only one in the world
Also to the same unique you